dec 8, need to figure out how to use jupyter notebook, currently in compsci class, going to use this class time to figure it out.

alright its the end of the period, I got juptyer notebook installed with pip, i came across a problem and solved it by using pip3 install -U pip setuptools
and then pip install notebook installed it.

video i watched to set it up https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HW29067qVWk

jupyter notebook reaction: It seems very organized, it allows plotting and is basically a debugger. Markup is pretty neat, it reminds me of obsidian.md's setup
another neat touch is the ability to run bash commands, very interesting.

I realized my experience from picoctf and playing around with command lines start to show because of the ability to run bash commands with % magic.

----------
dec 9, jupyter notebook failed me, I tried to install tensorflow and import it, but it crashes my python. 

I spent 5th period desperately trying to figure it out.
did not work.

I spent 9th period seeing if it's a mac error, and of course it was.
it ran perfectly on pycharm on the computer lab.

I spent 3 hours after school in the public library down the block to try to figure it out. 
Started at around 2:30pm and went home cold, hungry, tired, and defeated at 5:30pm.

In that 3 hour, I went down a giant rabbit hole, I almost resolved the issue, installing many different things, 
in that intense 3 hour that was nothing but typing in the terminal, I got familiar with executing commands in the terminal and learned more about
anaconda | homebrew | miniforge | tensorflow-macos/ tensorflow-metal | .whl files | .yml files | pip install package -no--dependencies 
| conda create --name envname python=3.9 / conda activate envname and many more.

Near the end, I was able to have tensorflow run on my terminal but not on jupyter notebook, as I tried to make it run on jupyter notebook all my progress was gone. 
Nothing was working anymore. 
Went home because the library was going to close... 
I almost spent the night there...

The code worked in the computer lab, model.summary() ran like how it was supposed to.
I'm planning to spend as much time as I can in the computer lab form now on to learn machine learning.


----------
dec 18, my wifi went down for a week. I don't know how much longer it's going to go on for, but my teacher bought me a course so I'm going to work on that instead on another github repo and drop this for now.
